Adds the possibility for GLPI users to discover features with short tutorials (#15524)
glpi-project/glpi: resources/Lessons/sources/assistance/ticket-dashboard.md

This section groups together several indicators in the form of a dashboard.

> Indicators can be edited by clicking on the "Modify" button at the top right of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicators can be edited by clicking on the "Toggle edit mode" button at the top right of the page.
```
